Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Would you believe it, today, the producer of a game called Valkyrie connect
Is apparently coming for a meeting
So...
Originally...
I was supposed to record a video in accordance with the suggestions made here, but...
This time, I will change things up and execute the next secret plan
“I’ll give a present from the game’s producer to all our viewers!”
“The negotiator Kizuna Ai”
With that being said...
I’ll use my intelligence to the fullest...
So I will win that present for the sake of all of you watching
Please enjoy right until the end
*Today’s topic:
I invited the producer to a meeting and I’ll record a video. He doesn’t know about it
Objective:
With my negotiation power to its maximum power, I’ll win a reward for you!*
Yes, excuse me
O: Oh! I’m virtual now, aren't I?
A: That’s right!
A: Now, ‘how’ you entered is an NDA (non disclosure agreement) okay?
O: Okay!
O: Oh! Is the camera still running?
A: No, it’s not running at all, it’s alright, please relax
O: I understand, is that so, hmmm?
O: So, for now, is it okay if we start with a small meeting?
A: Yes! Let’s do this!
Ozekin: Have you played Valkyrie connect?
A: Ah! Y’know, the truth is...
A: I’ve seen it, but I haven’t played it
A: I wanted to have this meeting with a blank state
A: And this area is like a blank slate too (badly translated pun)
O: Ah! I see, I understand
O: Well, umm, this is a promotion video, so
O: I would like to explain as we watch it
A: Oh! Thank you very much!
O: Yes, Yes
O: Alright, with that the promotional video begins
O: It starts with a tragic scene
A: Woah!
O: Yes
O: And this monster...
O: Eeehh... Well, it destroys the city
A: Eeeh?
O: That's right
A: I'll finish it off
O: And then, yes, I'd like to see that, but...
O: ... That's when the protagonist appears
A: Breasts!
O: That's right, and the monster beats her
O: And, like that, that's how the story begins, but...
O: ... It's a 3D game with a lot of animations
A: Wow! Looks fun, there's so many characters on screen!
O: Yeah that's the case, thank you
A: So lively!
O: And from here is the character introductions… and this is what it's like-
A: Oh, this girl!
A: She's the.. uh.. one on the icon
O: Oh yeah, yep, that's right
O: ...So a lot of the characters are from Norse mythology
O: But they move around in 3D
O: So I think the game's pretty fun even just looking at them
A: You're right! They're really cute when they become small
O: Thank you
A: Oh, I like this one!
O: Oh really, thank you
O: Yes
O: So, the first monster is...
O: Well, messing up the city
O: So Skuld, the protagonist
O: Has come to save the day, and the game starts from here
A: I see
O: That's the kind of game this is
A: From what I can see from this preview
O: Yeah
A: The twintail girl used in the icon is...
A: An antagonist?
O: Yep, that's right
O: She's a baddie
O: That girl is known as the the Queen of Helheim
O: So she's.. . y'know, a queen
O: But she's the queen of a place called "Helheim"
O: Which is a place where the dead gather
O: So she kind of a like a death god, like queen of death gods
A: Ah, I see
O: So she's a baddie- baddie?
O: Well, from her perspective
O: She is what she is so she doesn't see herself as the baddie
O: But for the general population, she is a baddie
A: I see, what a sad story
A: In that case, I'll join the bad side
O: The preview itself was a little to fast so
A: True
O: So I've brought a PowerPoint with me today
O: So if I could get you to view that
A: Sure
O: Alright, so, Valkyrie Connect introduction
O: So the setting, as previously mentioned...
O: Is a setting based around Norse mythology
O: So the characters that appear
O: I think there would be some with names you'd know
A: Ah, yeah, true, like Loki and Freya and...
O: Yeah, that's right
O: They're used quite frequently in other games, so...
A: Yeah, true
O: And Thor has his own movie made... etc
A: Movie? What movie
O: The uh, Hollywood movie, "Thor"
A: "Thor"...
O: The uh, one with the hammer
A: Generation gap, I guess!
O: Alright! Let's go next!
O: The story sets out like this
(Author goes over text)
O: It’s got gods and giants and divine beasts and humans
O: This variety of races were living under the protection of Yggdrasil
O: And then the world's balance starts to crumble
O: And the protagonist, from the preview
O: Is the, uh, viewer watching
O: And is called by the valkyrie
O: - Skult, the one we saw before -
O: And gets involved in a journey to save the world. That's the gist of the story
A: I see
A: Alright! Can I say something?
A: Why, even though there's gods, giants, divine beasts and humans
A: Is there no A.I?
O: I don't think A.I’s existed in this era...
A: I see
A: Then
A: You can add that in later
O: Yep, Alright- the "A.I race"
A: Wait, you just said "alright"
O: Ah, I actually didn't
O: Wait, for now, for now...
A: For now
O: For now, we'll, uh, consider it
A: I see, I see, for now, I see
O: Yes, yes, that's right, yes
A: But yeah, it's pretty nice, rather divine
O: Yes
A: With gods and giants ...and divine beasts
O: Yes,yes
O: Divine beasts... those are the big monster-like things we saw earlier
A: Ah, in the PV
O: Yeah, that one is Fenrir
O: Which is the most powerful divine beast in Norse mythology
O: And lots of these types appear
O: So you can battle with them
A: I see
A: Mmm! Thank you
O: So the characters, we can scroll through these...
O: Actually never mind, we can skip them
O: Alright, so this game's selling point
O: Is that it's an easy-to-control full-scale RPG battle
A: Sounds good
O: And, all you have to do is press buttons
O: After that, you just have to watch
A: Even I can do it
O: Yeah, that's right, anyone can do it
O: During the game, there's two ultimate abilities
O: Called Action Skill and Limit Burst
O: And it's a game where you press these buttons
O: So anyone can easily play
A: So it's mostly timing?
O: That's right, that's right, mostly timing
A: It seems like it would spread quite easily
O: That's right
O: Even a beginner can do it easily
A: That's true
A: After all, games are meant to be enjoyed right?
O: Yes, yes
O: You can also make complex character builds with the character whatever-this-is-called system
A: Ahh
O: Yes
O: Any character can be raised to a 5-star rarity
O: where 5-star is the highest rarity
A: Ahh
O: Since any character can become a 5-star
O: there are no throw-away characters
A: I see
O: It's one of Valkyrie Connect's special features
A: Amazing
O: Yes
O: You will be able to equip lots of items...
O: And recruit members
O: And customise them all you want, and we thought this would be cool!
A: I see, that means I can make my waifu doesn't it
O: Your wa... Yes, that's right
O: You can make...
A: I can make
O: ...That character
A: Ahhhh
O: One more feature is the ability to co-op with your friends across the country
O: They're called "Connect Battles"
A: Connect Battles?
O: Yes, that's correct
O: In them, up to three players can challenge a large boss
O: Each player can control 5 characters, so you can have 15 characters at once
A: Ahhhhh
O: Fighting a boss with 15 characters
O: makes for a pretty intense mode
A: I see
O: So definitely try playing it for a bit
A: Yes!
O: Ah! Yes like this
A: Oh! this liveliness feels good
O: Oh, it’s like they’re making lots of noises
O: You will be able to play whilst being connected to a lot of people
A: Ahhh
O: Yes, I think it's very interesting
A: I see
O: OK
A.I.Channel!
O: Ok this time
O:  I would like to collaborate with Ai-san
A: I see!
A: All right
A: This is just between you and me
A: I actually feel like I have a really strong affinity with this game
O: Oh, is that true?
A: Yes
A: How do you say it, that thing you talked about earlier
A: The one called "Connect"
A: Is really great don't you think?
A: I also want to connect with everyone
A: Which is what I'm doing with this channel
A: That's a huge thing we have in common, isn't it
O: I see...
O: That sounds... passionate
A: I really am
O: Eh?  Hahaha
O: You really are
A: but
A: You want to connect with your users more, don’t you?
O: That's definitely true
A: Definitely
A: With such great cute girls available
A: And being easy to play for anyone
A: They’ll also be able to train them
A: Speaking of connecting...
A: What about social networking services?
A: For example, I could spread information across all of my followers in my Twitter account
O: Oh, can you do that? I'd be really glad if you do that
A: But, you know...
A: No, of course that I can spread it, but...
*This is where the manipulation starts!!*
A: ... I think that, if I tweet it without receiving something in exchange, it won't have that much effect
A: Well, I really feel like it won't have effect
A: I wonder if there's a better way
O: Hmm... That's right
O: I wonder if there's a way to make it more known
*Planning / Starting negotiation*
A: That's right, hmm...
A: What can we do?
A: Isn't there a way where both of us can win? A way where we and the viewers can win?
O: Hmm... That's right, well...
O: So, Something like a present, maybe...?
A: Ah! Aaahhh, now I see!
A: A present for our viewers?
O: Hypothetically speaking...
O: Could it be something like a present campaign?
A: Aaah!
A: I see, so...
A: ... They'll gift something, right?
A: Woah, I didn't think about that!
O: Well, that was hypothetical, right?
A: Oh, man. It was just as expected. Just as expected of you, Ozekin-san
A: You have a nice standpoint
A: Definitely, the producer...
A: ... Has to start seeing it frame by frame, right?
A: That's amazing!
O: It was just an hypothesis!
A: Eh? By the way, hypothetically speaking...
A: What can kind of things can you give?
O: Eh?
A: Eh?
A: No, well, basically, considering the budget
A: What kind of things can you give?
O: No, well, I think that's not something I can decide
A: Eh? But, isn't the producer the highest position?
*Pressing to get an answer*
O: No, but there are other positions, like, for example "Executive Producer"
A: Aaah, I see
O: Yes
A: In that case, putting jokes aside
A: Supposing, and just supposing...
O: Yes
A: What kind of things can you give?
O: Hmm... Well, I suppose that...
O: We could give diamonds
A: Aaah!
A: Will you give diamonds?
O: It's just a supposition
A: Assuming that you'll give diamonds...
*Diamonds in Valkyrie Connect are used to make summonings and recover stamina*
A: Will you be able to give 100 million?
O: Ah?
A: Ah?
O: 100 million well, probably...
O: ... I think that's not possible
O: I don't even need to ask another person to know that
A: Hmm... I see
A: In that case...
A: 10 million diamonds!
O: 10 million diamonds, well...
*Can I do it if I press a little more?*
O: That’s still more than we usually give, but...
O: I see
O: Hmm... I definitely think that that won't be possible, can you reduce a bit the amount of diamonds?
A: No, but that's when you, as a producer...
O: Well, I'd like to confirm it with my superiors
A: Hmm... I see
A: Oh, man. Today I was able to feel how amazing this game is and the passion that you feel for it, Ozekin-san
A: I'd like that more people would play this game
A: And I also want to make happy the ones that are watching us
A: I'm being serious
A: I want to make everyone smile and I want to connect with them!
A: That's why, in order to make it happen...
A: Right? Well, I think that giving everyone diamonds is a great idea
A: So please do it~
O: Hmm... Well, you're making it hard for me
A: Please...
*Ah, it looks like I'm about to make it*
O: No, well, 10 million...
O: ... Is impossible, but...
A: Hmm...!
O: Well, to be honest...
A: Hmm... Hmm...
O: If it was around 10.000
A: Would you be able to do it if the amount was 10.000?
O: Well, we made a similar campaign in the past. For example, well...
O: ... We gave 1000 diamonds to 10 people
O: Something like that
A: I see, ah, but...
A: ... You made a similar campaign in the past, right?
O: Yes
A: 1,000 diamonds for 10 people?
A: In that case, definitely...
A: ... For the sake of A.I.Channel...
A: ... I hope that you, producer, can help me to make the people happy
O: Yes
A: In that case, let's multiply that amount by 10
O: Eh? Well, by 10...
A: If we multiply it by 10, then the amount of winners will be 100!
O: By 10, well...
O: Well, I guess that'd be a bit hard
A: No, impossible...
A: No, you can't say that it's hard if you haven't even tried it
A: The power of an adult lies in making possible the things that are impossible
O: That's right, well...
A: Right?
O: 1,000... Hmm.... Well...
O: If I had to multiply the 2,000 diamonds for 10 people, well...
O: ... It's a set proportion, it's set, so...
A: Ah! In that case, could it be 1,000 diamonds for 20 winners?
O: Ah, that sounds good
A: Oh! Oh! Yaay!
O: Yes
A: Oh, man, you just said it, right?
O: Yes, well, it's a set proportion, so, yes
A: No, but...
A: You said it, right?
O: Yes, I did
A: Great! Mission accomplished! I did it!
A: To tell the truth...
A: The camera...
A: ... Was recording and everything is registered
O: Eh? Ah
A: The gifts have been decided
O: Eh? Was it recording?
A: Yes
O: Ah, hey, it's not settled yet
O: For now, I’d have to… I’d have to get an approval...
O: Well...
O: So, well, I'd have to confirm it with my superiors
A: Aren't you an adult? You have to take responsibility for your words
A: I know! In the business world, once a fix has been planned, you have to fulfill it
A: So...
A: To everyone watching us!
A: If you take part in the Twitter campaign you'll be one of the 20 winners of 1,000 diamonds!
A: Yeeees!
O: Make sure to be a part of it!
A: Oh! Yeeees!
A: You're definitely a great producer
O: Thank you very much
A: As expected from you
A: With that being said, I'll be giving presents in name of the directors!
A: The negotiator Kizuna Ai...!
A: ... Has succeeded!
A: With that being said, should we finish it here?
O: Yes
A: Great!
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...!
O: ... The producer of Valkyrie Connect, Ozekin!
A: See you soon!
Translated by Aman, Wolvenspud, TellowKrinkle and Zerch
A: By the way, Ozekin-san, Ozekin-san
O: Yes?
A: It's been settled that I'll get diamonds, right?
O: No, if you want to get diamonds you'll have to participate in the campaign
A: I knew it…
Translated by Aman, Wolvenspud, Zerch And Vortex